There, now you look just a
little more handsome.
At least show me the steps!
Idiot. Figuring it out yourself
is the most valuable part of
training.
And that's a bigger drag.
Huh?
[groans] What the
hell is he doing?
Ninja Art: Super Beast Scroll!
[roars]
[barks]
What's that? Graffiti or
something?
Your aesthetics are old
fashioned, Dad!
[grunting]
Set your heart on fire!
Yes, Poppa!
Okay, any minute now.
Yep, it's on!
Hmm.
Boruto! Don't get carried away
with your antics, ya know?
Hah! But that's what I do!
A Shadow Clone?!
I'm up here!
Stop! Boruto!
It's gonna take a whole lot more
than that to catch me!
Idiots just don't give up.
Uh.
Shh!
[grunts] Sarada!
Uh, Lord Seventh!
Have you happened to see Boruto
recently?
He went that way.
Thank you!
If anyone should thank you,
Sarada, it's me.
[sighs]
Damn it. Getting so upset over a
little graffiti on the Great
Stone Faces.
He is such a stupid old man.
You just wanted him
to come after you.
You think this is the only way
you can ever get him to pay you
more attention.
You're completely wrong! I was
only playing a game of tag with
him, that's all!
Trying to break the record, from
the last time we played!
Shadow Paralysis Jutsu...
Boruto. Don't make too much
trouble for Lord Seventh.
The Hokage is a very busy man,
as are all of his advisors, like
me.
Damn it.
Lord Hokage sure has it rough
having to deal with a
troublemaker like you.
That was just a Shadow Clone!
The real stupid old man went
back to work ages ago.
If Lord Seventh bothered to use
his Sage Mode, he would find you
in a flash!
Of course I know that! And
that's why I was just gonna keep
running away...
until Dad finally got serious
about catching me himself!
So neither father nor son know
when to quit.
It's amazing how alike you and
Naruto really are.
Don't you ever lump me together
with my Dad! [grunting]
Shikadai, go and get Lord
Seventh's shadow clone.
Huh? Why do I have to go?
What? Are you gonna
take over here?
[sighs] Fine, but this
is such a drag.
It seems like the both of us are
alike too.
It's a drag for me as
well, so hurry it up!
All right! Let us
run with spirit!
Yes!
Next up, cliff‐climbing!
Yes, Poppa!
(Cho‐Cho) If you're not gonna
eat it, I'm gonna.
Okay. You can
keep ignoring me.
Everyone's getting
along so well.
But then I guess our
graduation exam is still a ways
off, so...
Oh, that's what you're talking
about?
If the test would make me lose
weight, I might be excited about
it.
But I really hadn't given it
much thought.
And what's the big deal about
becoming a ninja?
Is that really what everybody
wants to be?
I mean just think of the actual
word. "Ninja" sounds pretty
lame.
What's all this about?
Did something happen to you?
Not really.
Anyway what are you going to do
after this? I have the whole day
to myself, so lets hang out!
Well, actually...
I think I kinda promised my Dad
that I would train with him for
a while later today.
Yeah, I get it.
Of course, I'm totally not even
interested in training with him.
I have zero desire to
go whatsoever, but, you know...
You should go with him.
Huh?!
After all, you don't
want to fail the exam.
You think you're better than me
now?
And you know that attitude
really gets on my nerves.
Of course you think because you
come from the one and only
Uchiha Clan...
that you don't have to worry
about training for the exam like
the rest of us.
That's got nothing to do with
it.
Then what the heck
is this all about!
It's special...training with
your Dad.
Cho‐Cho!
I'm right over here!
Damn, he's so embarrassing.
But what's so embarrassing about
a grown‐up walking around
enjoying a bag of chips?
He's such a poser.
(Cho‐Cho) See those lightly
salted chips? That's for show.
He eats the consomme
flavored ones at home.
Truth is, the two of us really
don't see eye to eye.
[chuckles] Oh, that's it.
Cho‐Cho! I'm over here! Come
on! Turn around, I'm over here!
Huh?
Guess she didn't hear me.
We're not alike in any way.
You'd never know he's my dad.
Isn't it obvious that we're
totally different?
I'd have to think about that.
Well what's it like
in your family?
My...my family?
Are you and your dad
really similar?
I really don't know. I can't
even clearly remember him.
I haven't seen him in such a
long time.
Where are you, and what are you
doing?
[rubbing eye]
(Sakura) I'm home!
I am so tired!
Welcome home.
Is something wrong?
My eyes got blurry
all of a sudden.
It happens every once
in a while now.
Let me see!
Uh.
Uh, they just got a little
blurry for a second.
There, it's better now. Maybe I
just need a new prescription for
my glasses.
I'll go make an appointment
right away for an eye exam.
It's really not a big deal. You
should worry more about
yourself!
You're the one who works too
hard all the time.
I was wondering...
Yeah?
So does Dad...have to wear
glasses like I do?
Why would you ask
such a question?
Well you don't need glasses, so
I was just wondering if maybe my
eyesight came from Dad.
Does your eyesight
come from him? Maybe.
That's your answer?
You don't seem to know much
about your own husband.
What's going on? You've been
acting weird lately.
When is Dad's super important
mission supposed to end?
Well, I think it'll end
someday in the future.
Of course you wouldn't know.
You don't even know if he ever
had to wear prescription
glasses.
[chuckles] That's kind of harsh,
Sarada.
(Sarada) What's wrong with
wanting to know a little about
my Dad?
[sighs] "The noble Uchiha Clan.
It's bloodline ranks among the
most venerable."
"Many highly skilled ninja hail
from this family."
(Sarada) "The ability to wield
the Sharingan is considered
their greatest trait."
"Even among the clan, the
Sharingan awakens in the eyes of
very few members...
enabling them to see through
taijutsu, genjutsu, and
ninjutsu."
"The rare Mangekyo Sharingan
manifests itself in a pattern
different from the others."
The Sharingan, huh?
I wonder if it ever manifested
in Dad...
"And furthermore, the Sharingan
awakens as a result of deep
emotional trauma."
"Acute emotions cause the brain
to release a unique form of
chakra...
that affects the optic nerve,
and transforms the eye into the
Sharingan."
(Sarada) "Due to grave
misfortune, the Uchiha Clan
nearly lost its entire lineage."
"At the present time, the only
known family members still alive
to carry on the bloodline...
are Sasuke Uchiha, and his only
child, a daughter."
[rubbing eye]
Excuse me, may I see the volume
of data pertaining to Sasuke
Uchiha?
Sure! Hold on just one minute!
Huh.
It seems access to materials
specifically about Sasuke Uchiha
has been restricted.
(Sarada) Restricted? Does that
mean I can't see them?
Why not?
Who knows? I didn't make the
rules so I couldn't say.
You could fill out a request,
but I really doubt the answer
will change.
No, it's all right.
Mom?
Huh?
Can I ask you something?
Of course you can!
Why hasn't Dad decided to
come back home yet?
You know where he's been all
this time and what he's been
doing, don't you?
So we're back on that again?
[sighs] I wonder what he's up
to.
What's the matter?
Please don't avoid my question.
Every time I ask, you just tell
me you don't know. How can you
call yourself his wife?
Sarada, Right now I...
I need to know. Are you actually
married to my father?
[gasps] Why are you so full of
questions all of a sudden?
It's not sudden! I've been
wondering for ages!
Did you think you could
just lie to me forever?
You've been acting kind of weird
all day!
What's weird is the relationship
you have with my Dad!
And it's not just kind of weird,
it's definitely weird!
Sarada!
[trying not to cry]
[gasps] [sighs]
(Sakura) I am so sorry I raised
my voice.
Your father is on a mission. But
it will end one day.
And then he'll come home!
You still believe that will
happen?
But you've been apart for such a
long time now!
Maybe he doesn't even remember
he has a family back home
anymore!
[crying]
Your Dad and I, our feelings
connect us to each other. So
don't worry!
You always sound so confident,
but how can you be sure?
Huh?
No way! The loan's not paid off!
[grunts]
There, there. Well, she always
has been prone to fainting.
We've been very busy lately. I
guess the fatigue finally caught
up with her.
I bet you she'll be fine in two
or three days.
Shizune, I told
her terrible things.
The loan...
[chuckles]
I'm going to admit her into the
hospital. Do you want to come
with us?
I'll meet you there later.
I want to pull some important
things out of here before I
leave.
I found it! [chuckles]
[gasps]
[gasping]
Who is this? Why's she with my
Dad?
(Sarada) A woman wearing
glasses...
(Shizune) Now I see.
You were looking for
pictures of your Dad!
[gasps] That's not
what I was doing!
That photograph was taken a
really long time ago.
Do you know what my father
looks like nowadays?
Oh right. You haven't seen him
since you were a baby. It's been
years now.
Yeah. There's something I'd like
to ask you, Miss Shizune.
(Sarada) Please don't tell my
Mom.
Well of course Sakura
is your real mother!
Fine! Then could you please tell
me a few details about my
birth!?
I would like to know who
delivered me and who was
present when I was born.
Uh, that was...
Your response is just the same
as everybody else's.
[sympathetic sigh]
I checked every hospital.
And now I know that there are no
records of my birth anywhere in
the Hidden Leaf.
That doesn't mean anything.
Anyway, why are you so
interested in this all of a
sudden?
(Sarada) Because of her. She's
wearing the same glasses...
...that I wear.
(Choji) [eating sounds]
(Cho‐Cho) Dad! I told you to
stop that already!
Could you not super‐size things
when you're out with your
daughter?
[chewing]
[chuckles]
More importantly, why would
anyone eat such things so early
in the morning?
Well, no matter how careful you
are, when you die, you die.
That's just life.
Not that I'd ever
eat that stuff.
[mouth full] Cho‐Cho, you're
still a child!
You need to eat more so you can
grow big and strong!
I think I'm already bigger than
most of my classmates are, Dad.
And look Mom...
You need to seriously dial back
that condescending, know‐it‐all
attitude of yours.
[grunts]
You've made me so mad I'm
hungry again! Now I'll just have
to have seconds!
[grunting] Oh!
Sarada!
Oh, hello there!
[slurping]
A troubled mind can spoil any
appetite, or so they say. And
it's true!
Oh, so you're feeling troubled?
Hey Sarada, if I tell you
something can you keep it just
between us?
Uh‐huh, what is it?
I have a feeling that the two
people over there aren't
actually my real parents.
Uh.
I mean look at them. I don't
look anything like either of
them.
Uh... You think so?
Once when I was little, I got
sick and started running a
really high fever...
[panting]
Oh! I can't believe you got
this! I bet it took some time.
Well let's hurry up
and give it to her!
Cho‐Cho, here's your medicine.
You're gonna be all right now.
[panting]
Get better soon, all right?
[sighs] Thanks a lot. Thanks.
I can still remember just how
his hand felt since he touched
my head.
I've believed ever since that
that handsome, manly man, had to
be my real father.
Sure.
That's what's called the "tragic
heroine syndrome."
What?
A condition that
subconsciously occurs in
girls, of a certain age...
when attempting to define who
they are.
Who do you think you are,
Mitsuki? What's with that
condescending tone?
You couldn't begin to understand
the mind of a delicate maiden,
right Sarada?
I can tell without even having
to look at your crest, that
you're from the Akimichi Clan.
So don't worry!
Get lost you insensitive jerk!
Damn it! I'm actually worrying
even while I sit here.
I get it.
Realizing you don't know the
truth about your own mom and
dad.
No kidding, right? Of course you
get it, you're my best friend!
[sighs]
So anyway, I kind of have a
favor to ask of my best friend.
Are you willing to hear me out?
What do you need?
Well you see, I'm thinking of
going on a journey.
I'm going to find out who my
real mom and dad are.
And naturally you'll be coming
along, right?
[gasps]
What's the matter?
That's it! That's the answer!
(Cho‐Cho) Sarada?
Why didn't I ever think of this
before?
I just have to find my dad and
ask him about it directly!
If you want to know
about Sasuke...
maybe you should talk to
Lord Seventh about him.
We'll leave just as soon
as we get packed! Okay?
Did you get that?
I'm going to wring it out of
him! Every last detail!
[panting]
Hmm?
[sighs]
(Cho‐Cho) Who was that kid?
Am I like a fair maiden who
everyone's fighting over?
(Naruto) Nah, it's probably
Sarada that they're after.
(Sarada) Do you know who they
are? He said he was from the
Uchiha Clan.
(Naruto) Listen, you don't have
to worry about a thing, okay?
I think both of you should come
with me. That'll be the safest
option.
Next time on Boruto Naruto Next
Generations: The Boy with the
Sharingan.
Besides I want to take you to
see Sasuke.